# This is the config file

# tasmota powermeter interface
udp-listener-port: 2000

# modbus powermeter interface 
modbus-powermeter-ip: 192.168.1.123
modbus-powermeter-port: 502
modbus-powermeter-polling-rate: 1250

# huawei charger settings
can-interface: can0
absorption-voltage: 52.5
min-charge-power: 30
max-charge-power: 1500

# battery inverter interface
opendtu-hostname: opendtu-on-battery
opendtu-admin-user: admin
opendtu-admin-password: password
opendtu-battery-inverter-id: inv-id 
opendtu-start-discharge-voltage: 48.8
opendtu-stop-discharge-voltage: 48.3

# scheduled closeup
scheduled-exit-enabled: false
scheduled-exit-hour: 18
scheduled-exit-minute: 30

# slot detect (raspberry pi only)
slotdetect-control-enabled: true
slotdetect-keep-alive-time: 55

# regulator parameters
target-grid-power: 0
regulator-error-threshold: 7
regulator-idle-time: 1200

